[OSDOCS-14600] HCP for Openstack (#93726)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hosted-clusters-openstack-prepare-etcd.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hypershift-openstack.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hosted-clusters-openstack-prepare-etcd_{context}"]
= Preparing the management cluster for etcd local storage

In a Hosted Control Plane (HCP) deployment on {rh-openstack-first}, you can improve etcd performance by using local ephemeral storage that is provisioned with the TopoLVM CSI driver instead of relying on the default Cinder-based Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).

.Prerequisites

* You have access to a management cluster with HyperShift installed.
* You can create and manage {rh-openstack} flavors and machine sets.
* You have the `oc` and `openstack` CLI tools installed and configured.
* You are familiar with TopoLVM and Logical Volume Manager (LVM) storage concepts.

> * You installed the LVM Storage Operator on the management cluster. For more information, see "Installing LVM Storage

Author: ```suggestion
* You installed the {lvms} Operator on the management cluster. For more information, see "Installing {lvms}
```

+
* The ephemeral disk location is `/dev/vdb`, which is the case in most situations. Verify that this location is true in your case, and note that symlinks are not supported.
* The parameter `forceWipeDevicesAndDestroyAllData` is set to a `True` value because the default Nova ephemeral disk
comes formatted in VFAT.

. Apply the `LVMCluster` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
oc apply -f lvmcluster.yaml
----

. Verify the `LVMCluster` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get lvmcluster -A
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAMESPACE           NAME    STATUS
openshift-storage   etcd-hcp   Ready
----

. Verify the `StorageClass` resource by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get storageclass
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                    PROVISIONER               RECLAIMPOLICY   VOLUMEBINDINGMODE     ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION   AGE
lvms-etcd-class         topolvm.io                Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer  true                   23m
standard-csi (default)  cinder.csi.openstack.org  Delete          WaitForFirstConsumer  true                   56m
----

> 

Author: Ah, okay. So, there's the quite barebones `hcp-deploy-openstack-create.adoc`... 

Should we be recommending something like is described at the end of this module by default?

> 

Reviewer: This module starts with etcd prep for the management cluster but ends with a more complete hcp create command than what’s in hcp-deploy-openstack-create.adoc.

To avoid confusion and duplication, I suggest consolidating the full command in the deployment module and linking to it here. That way, we keep each module scoped and ensure users don’t miss key flags. WDYT?

> 

Author: Sounds copacetic to me given that the etcd module precedes the create one. I'll make that change.
